it is now 706 you have exactly eight
hours and 54 minutes to ponder the error
of your ways any questions yeah it's
Barry Manilow know that you raid his
wardrobe a brain a beauty a jock a rebel
and a recluse can't believe this is
really happening to me before this day
is over they'll break the rules there
are their souls I'm a nymphomaniac your
parents awareness take some chances
being bad feels pretty good and touch
each other in a way they never dreamed
possible
why'd you do send even The Breakfast
Club
they only met once but it changed their
lives forever and I consider you guys my
friends not wrong am I
Universal Pictures presents Emilio
Estevez falls Leeson Anthony Michael
Hall Judd Nelson Molly Ringwald and Ally
Sheedy begin a John Hughes film one
semester is you're letting me The
Breakfast Club
you